We try chasing down ways to further our dream,
but then we trip over people on the narrow path that winds.

It's nothing like wanting to go back to those days.
I'm searching for a sky that doesn't exist anymore.
Don't give me that sad face like I've become the victim,
like you understand.

Tears aren't the end of sin. You carry it heavy on your back forever.
Who is it you're waiting for in this maze of emotion you can't find your way out of?
I want to let it all spill already like I was writing in a blank notebook.
What're you're trying to get away from, this thing we call reality?

We live for each other, or have you forgotten in the middle of the night?
Because we can't play it safe or sound anymore, and we don't have a place to go home to.
What, you don't got enough life left to wipe these feelings out?
Just like old times. this is the kind of pain I love.

It'd be a shame if I didn't apologize, wouldn't it? Ah, so sorry.
Going out of your way not to say it so I don't worry about you.

All we took with us that day, all we'll carry with us tomorrow.
Because we're never gonna get our turn.
Softly closing your eyes like you understand
just so you don't have to see what you don't want to.

Out of all the rumors we don't need, which ones are new today?
Friends standing face to face don't tell lies.
They burn in your body like a heart red with irritation.
Does it really give you hope, this thing we call reality?

We live for each other, can you hear me starting to scream?
Because we can't play it safe or sound anymore, and we don't have a place to go home to.
You're always thanking me for being kind. That's why I want to get stronger.
I'll take on both friends and enemies if it helps me move forward.

I've been thinking on what we do to open the next door.
We can't retrace our steps anymore. The story's already begun.
Open your eyes. Open your eyes.

What, you don't got enough life left to wipe these feelings out?
To try to make right the things you left undone.
Let's go one more time.

We live for each other, can you hear me starting to scream?
Because we can't play it safe or sound anymore, and we don't have a place to go home to.
You're always thanking me for being kind. That's why I want to get stronger.
Just like old times. This is the kind of pain I love.

source: https://www.animesonglyrics.com/full-metal-alchemist-2009/again